hello everyone today I'm going to make
marshmallow fondant out of marshmallows
as you can tell for this you will need
many marshmallows 10 ounces and about
300 grams
you also need 2 pounds of powdered sugar
and when we think you will need Frisco
for your hands and table so let's start
making marshmallow fondant you start by
putting this marshmallow bowl in the
microwave for 30 seconds let's start
okay now take it out and put it on your
counter table now you need three little
spoons of water put them on top that's
one two and three now you're gonna mix
it all together and put it back in the
microwave for thirty more seconds now we
start mixing the second time and it will
be a little Billy now you put it for
thirty more seconds into the microwave
now we mix it for the third time and
this is our last time you keep keep
mixing until there's no more bumps
after all the bumps are gone you are
going to use some of the powdered sugar
you don't need to use all just and you
keep mixing until you don't see more
powdered sugar you keep adding the
powdered sugar and then you mix with
some left over in the bowl I keep adding
powdered sugar and - and mixing it until
I had a very consistent dough and I have
some left over in my bowl now I'm going
to get my Crisco only a little bit make
space to put it on table
and now I'm going to get a little bit
more and rub it on my hands and put any
extras on the tape
once you're done putting it on your
hands and on the counter you're going to
get good fondant and take it up and put
it on here
gonna mix it with all your strength
and now you're gonna go like that get
some powdered sugar put it on top and
mix it up
and then you're going to do it again add
a little bit more keep doing the same
thing until you think it's hard enough
to be ready
I make the fondant into a round circle I
got some Crisco and I was spreading it
all around the fondant
and it should look like that
once you're done you've gotta pick it up
and put it on top of some plastic and it
gone
cover it and with the other side and
then you're done covering you're going
to put it in the fridge for one hour for
the top decoration I'm going to use
green so I make like a little bowl and a
little stick you dip it and you put it
in here and you mix it together once
you're done you take it out of the
fridge and you roll it out
you